RUM-17548: Document Android RUM view memory attributes (#38674)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/data_collected/android.mdoc.md

| `view.is_active`      |    Boolean   | Indicates whether the view corresponding to this event is considered active.            |
| `view.loading_time` | number (ns) | Time it took for the view to load, set by the `addViewLoadingTime(override:)` call. |
| `view.long_task.count`        | number      | Count of all long tasks collected for this view.                                |

> | `view.memory_average` | number (bytes) | Exact arithmetic mean of successful process resident memory samples collected during this view. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `view.memory_average` | number (bytes) | Exact arithmetic mean of successful whole-process resident memory samples collected while this view is foregrounded. |
```

> | `view.memory_max` | number (bytes) | Largest successful process resident memory sample collected during this view. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `view.memory_max` | number (bytes) | Largest successful whole-process resident memory sample collected while this view is foregrounded. |
```

| `view.name` | string | Customizable name of the view corresponding to the event. |
| `view.network_settled_time` | number (ns) | Time it took for a view to be fully loaded with all relevant network calls initiated at the start of the view. |
| `view.resource.count`         | number      | Count of all resources collected for this view.                                 |
| `view.time_spent`                             | number (ns) | Time spent on this view.                                    |
| `view.url`                     | string | Canonical name of the class corresponding to the event.                                                           |

#### View memory collection

> The Android SDK reads the `VmRSS` value from `/proc/self/status`. This value measures resident memory for the entire application process. It includes native memory, the JVM or Android Runtime (ART) heap, and resident shared pages.

Reviewer: JVM isn't on the abbreviation exempt list and isn't spelled out elsewhere in this file — spell out on first mention.

```suggestion
The Android SDK reads the `VmRSS` value from `/proc/self/status`. This value measures resident memory for the entire application process. It includes native memory, the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) or Android Runtime (ART) heap, and resident shared pages.
```

> Each view tracks the exact running mean and maximum of successful samples. These calculations are neither exponential nor windowed. The SDK resets both calculations for each view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each view tracks the exact running mean and maximum of successful samples. Calculations reset when the view starts, so they reflect only the samples collected during that view, not a rolling average carried over from previous views.
```
